Carelogic Front End Developer Test Project
==========================================

This project is meant to test the candidates, your, HTML, JavaScript and CSS
skills.  It is a timed test.

Rules
-----

It is expected that you will adhere to the following:

  * You will write the code yourself without assistance from another party 

  * You will complete the test and return it within 3 working days.  Exceptions will be made with extenuating circumstances and if the test is given on a Friday it should be returned no later than Monday morning. 

  * All code should be hand written.  No copy paste.  Example, borrowing code found on the internet.  Nothing I can find on samples already provided. 

  * Base JavaScript limited use of a library. 

  * The pages you create should be functional on IE9/10, Chrome and Firefox. 

  * Code written should adhere to industry best practice. 


Project
-------

The project is a simple web page that is for the Our Stuff Is Cheap But Good
Company.  They sell anything and everything at reduced rate pricing.

As part of the application we need the following for project to be successful.
Note that the below are the minimum requested.  It does not require connection
to a back end and data can be static where applicable.

Requirements
------------

I need to be able to bring up the home page consisting of the following:

### Header Area

  * Should contain a scrolling image advertisement and links for Primary site functionality (ie. Login, Help, etc). 

  * Menu Bar – Consisting of 5 menu items minimum 

  * Household, Toys, Pets, Music, <Your Choice> 

  * Each Menu item should navigate to a page with information on the item.   

  * Text content can be borrowed from other places 

  * A minimum of one original graphical element is required.  Logo, etc. 

### Content pages

Each should be unique to what is being sold.  All products should include
standard name, description, price and image at minimum.

  * Household 

    * Item of the week section 

    * Discounts section 

    * Should contain a list of products that go in a household with a short description and a way to view the full description.  Minimum 8 items 

  * Toys 

    * Graphical element that forces me to buy it for my kid. 

    * 8 toys minimum, short description 

  * Pets 

    * Category on Cat, Dog, Fish 

    * Information about each under the category 

    * 2 types of each with profile for each , profile half page minimum 

  * Entertainment 

    * Categories: Music, Movies, etc. minimum 3 

    * List of items in each category that we sell.  (CDs, DVD, shirts, etc.). 5 each  


  * <Your Choice> 

    * Anything you want minimum similar to previous but you choice. 

### Order page

  * JavaScript submit ability to take to order view in popup. 

### Footer

  * Copyright info 

  * Contact Us 

    * ooLink that takes you to Form with standard contact information 

    * ooMinimum 3 required fields (First/Last Name, email, etc). 

    * ooSubmit functional for positive and negative values 

  * Help 

    * Broken into categories minimum 6 

    * Half page worth of text on each (content is irrelevant, can use lorum ipsum or other) 

